Focus aware query polling (#856)
vivid-planet/comet: CHANGELOG.md

-   Add scope support for redirects (`@comet/cms-api` and `@comet/cms-admin`)

### @comet/admin

#### Changes

> -   Add `useFocusAwarePolling` hook that can be used in combination with `useQuery` and only fetches when the current browser tab is focused

Author: ```suggestion
-   Add `useFocusAwarePolling` hook that can be used in combination with `useQuery` to only fetch when the current browser tab is focused
```
